Fix node (#7954)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiling/getting_started.md

[5]: /tracing/guide/setting_primary_tags_to_scope/#environment
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Node" %}}

The Datadog Profiler requires Node 10.5+. To begin profiling applications:

> 1. If you are already using Datadog, upgrade your agent to version [7.20.2][1] or [6.20.2][1].  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are already using Datadog, upgrade your Agent to version [7.20.2][1] or [6.20.2][1].  
```

2. Install `ddtrace` which contains both tracing and profiling:

    ```shell
    npm install --save dd-trace
    ```

    **Note**: Profiling is available in the `dd-trace` library in versions 0.23+.

3. To automatically profile your code, import and initialize `dd-trace` with profiling enabled:

    ```javascript
    require('dd-trace').init({
      profiling: true
    })
    ```

4. After a minute or two, visualize your profiles on the [Datadog APM > Profiling page][2].

**Note**:

> - Tags such as `service` or `version` are also available for you to set. Use environment variables to set the parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tags such as `service` or `version` are also available. Use environment variables to set the parameters:
```

> - It is strongly recommended to add tags like `service` or `version` as it provides the ability to slice and dice your profiles across these dimensions, enhancing your overall product experience. Use environment variables to set the parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is strongly recommended to add tags like `service` or `version`, which provides the ability to analyze your profiles across these dimensions, enhancing your overall product experience. Use environment variables to set the parameters:
```

| Environment variable                             | Type          | Description                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name.     |
| `DD_ENV`                                         | String        | The Datadog [environment][4] name, for example `production`.|
| `DD_VERSION`                                     | String        | The version of your application.                              |

> | `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api, team:intake`.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | The tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api, team:intake`.  |
```

> | `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api, team:intake`.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | The tags to apply to an uploaded profile. This must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api, team:intake`.  |
```
